I understand that this guy is stupid, over
time he could prove it but I say I
understand that this guy doesn't laugh
too much Since he doesn't have too much
personal intelligence, you have it that you
start to recognize that you registered your
wife's phone in a viral video,
you have the intelligence that
cheats on Ali and you go back to her a
fraudulent strike and when I do it, they
effectively took it off Twitch
two days later, less than 48 hours, the
strike was withdrawn because I told
Twitch I have been reacting to
content on top of that, it is a secondary channel
of a person who had a debate with
another This about the strike that he is
saying that what he is saying
about the strike They took it off
two days later sounds like a lie to me, okay, I
got into a strike on Twitch that I no longer
have because luckily they
expire now, let's listen to this again, a
fraudulent strike and when I do it, they
effectively took it off Twitch
two days later, less than 48 hours, the
strike was withdrawn because I told
Twitch, I got into a strike on Twitch that I
no longer have because  Now luckily they
expire, he lies about everything, man. It's that
way we could do this. I had thought about
answering him in the main section and going sentence
by sentence because he keeps
making everything up. Let's see. I think that
also. Let's see. We're talking about a
guy, a character who deceives small children.